Update README.md to include clear authentication/access control and steps to secure deployed app (#536)
Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo: README.md

* Explore citations and sources
* Click on "settings" to try different options, tweak prompts, etc.

> ### Enable authorization/access control and restricted access

Reviewer: I'd suggest titling it shorter for consistency

```suggestion
### Enabling authentication
```

> By default, the Azure web app deployed will have no authentication or access restrictions enabled, meaning anyone with routable network access to the web app can access and search.  You can require authentication to your Azure Active Directory by following the [Add app authentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/scenario-secure-app-authentication-app-service) tutorial and set it up against the backend web app deployed earlier.  To then limit access to a specific set of users or groups, you can then follow the steps from [Restrict your Azure AD app to a set of users](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-restrict-your-app-to-a-set-of-users) by changing ''Assignment Required?'' option under the Enterprise Application, and then assigning users/groups access.  Users not granted explicit access will recieve the error message -AADSTS50105: Your administrator has configured the application <app_name> to block users unless they are specifically granted ('assigned') access to the application.-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the deployed Azure web app will have no authentication or access restrictions enabled, meaning anyone with routable network access to the web app can chat with your indexed data.  You can require authentication to your Azure Active Directory by following the [Add app authentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/scenario-secure-app-authentication-app-service) tutorial and set it up against the deployed web app.

To then limit access to a specific set of users or groups, you can follow the steps from [Restrict your Azure AD app to a set of users](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-restrict-your-app-to-a-set-of-users) by changing "Assignment Required?" option under the Enterprise Application, and then assigning users/groups access.  Users not granted explicit access will receive the error message -AADSTS50105: Your administrator has configured the application <app_name> to block users unless they are specifically granted ('assigned') access to the application.-
```
